---
title:  "SD WAN"
permalink: /nw/
last_modified_at: 2020-04-14
---

**Concept** 

Vector 
- It is Secure Vector Routing(SVR) which is from [128T](https://www.128technology.com/product-overview/). Instead of cost, 128T incorporates an innovative technique known as vectors.
- Vectors are a per-service policy attribute that assigns costs to segments to allow shared infrastructure to be used uniquely based on the type of traffic traversing it.
- The most common use case for configuring vectors is a system with connectivity to two Internet Service Providers(ISPs), where one ISP is preferred for a specific category of traffic and the other ISP is preffered for everything else.
- Traffic will always seek to find the path with the lowest(numerical) value for cost/priority.

The vector configuration process includes the following steps:
1. Assign neighborhoods and vectors to all relevant egress interfaces.
2. Apply preference values to vectors in one or more service-policy elements.
3. Apply the service-policy to the services to use these specific paths.

Local Breakout(LBO)
- Local Breakout enables the Mobile Network Operator (MNO) to break out Internet sessions into the Home network, to provide inbound roamers with an ability to order data, which is provided directly by the visited network.

- LBO allows mobile subscribers to sign up to an alternative roaming provider separate from their HPLMN (Home Public Land Mobile Network). It enables inbound roamers to receive data services directly from the visited mobile network instead of tunneling back to the HPLMN. It offers lower latency experienced by the roaming device and has a lower GRX bandwidth requirement between the Home network and Visited network.

- A major benefit is that it allows mobile subscribers to sign up to an alternative roaming provider. By targeting inbound roamers that choose to turn off mobile data instead of paying standard roaming charging rates, the solution allows the MNO to bring in revenue from a previously non-monetized source.

Multi-path

Application Inspection

Load Balancing

QoS

HA
